# neap-template

An Angular (2 and up), Full Typescript, Node, Express, Postgresql template.

# Why?

I was frustrated with the lack of online tutorials about using Typescript for the entire stack in Node applications on the web. I based my initial design off of this excellent [example](http://brianflove.com/2016/11/08/typescript-2-express-node/).

# What does this offer?

The largest advantage to using this template is code generation.

- Proxy is generated from @decorators on the API classes and methods.
- Database Create table (for Postgresql) schemas are generated by marking models with @decorators. The same decorators will also generate the basic CRUD functionality that a project might need.
- PROPOSED: The auto generation of .sql test data from @decorators on the model.

This template also offers a lot of other things.

- A database layer wrapper for making sure all calls happen inside the same transaction without you ever having to commit or rollback manually ever again.
- A wrapped API layer so that you don't have to handle the request, response, next variables ever again. Just create a new API class, decorate as appropriate and be on your way.
- Some base styles to get you off the ground and designing your pages faster.
- A flexbox based grid and grid-column SCSS classes.
- Alerts, buttons and form control styles.

# How do I get up and running?

1. Install Node 7.0^ (to stay consistent with my current environment).
2. Install Postgresql
3. Open a terminal and run the following commands.
```
git clone https://github.com/dustincjensen/neap-template
cd neap-template
npm install
npm run grunt full
npm run dev
```
4. You should now be able to create and delete 'Examples' using the pre-rendered example page.